hello laurent the confusing chair
workshops reels and combines
today I'm going to show you how
we prepare and install a can
that's what a can looks like for
the ramp and will place it on its axis
of cans
we will take our coils of yarn
will put on his support
we will put it in small drums
provided for this purpose here we will lay the wire
in the can through a hole
provided for this purpose on the side we recover
his son
we push the kz2 hunt that goes
switch on the engine and we will be able to
press the pedal to fill its
duckling
the can are filled alone
following the sewing we have to do
always fills his younger sister
we do not need to use high
I know
this is for example like this when we
wants to fill the can is thoroughly a brake
blocks the can in time and art
is automatically like these a
Once the can is filled we take it with
the son on the left ie havas
went in the opposite direction of
clockwise or at the break
in the cadet case like those
one where it will rotate in the direction
counterclockwise on
see it well here
the son will go into the slot at this
place and come out in the throat that
is there after threading the thread the
reel explained in another video
we will recover the film from the can
to be able to close the hood we get
bobbin thread with the left hand is
shoot on it operates the eel as
if we could you can see at
inside that the wire the coil does the
can bob ride and recovers the son
of cans that we will come out in
pulling on the big floppy wire between the
crowbar and culture plate
like this is worth two sons are meeting at
the rear cargo to sew and we can
put on hood now here you
know how to prepare and install a can
to use your machine
[Music]